MIT License

Copyright (c) 2024 Free Windows RDP via GitHub Actions

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

DISCLAIMER:
This project is for educational and personal use only. Users are responsible 
for complying with GitHub Actions Terms of Service and any applicable laws 
and regulations. The authors are not responsible for any misuse of this software.

GITHUB ACTIONS COMPLIANCE:
This project is designed to work within GitHub Actions free tier limits and 
terms of service. Users should ensure their usage complies with GitHub's 
Acceptable Use Policies.

TUNNEL SERVICES:
This project uses third-party tunnel services (PlayIt.gg, LocalTunnel, etc.). 
Users should review and comply with the terms of service of these services.

SECURITY NOTICE:
While this project implements security best practices, users should be aware 
that any remote access solution carries inherent security risks. Use at your 
own discretion and ensure you understand the security implications.
